c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebApplication4.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebApplication4.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebApplication4.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.pdb
