c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\bin\Debug\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\bin\Debug\ServiceDefinition.csdef
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\DataTier.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\DataTier.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\DataTier.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\DataTier\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\MvcNorthwind.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\MvcNorthwind.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\MvcNorthwind.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\MvcNorthwind\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\VideoTranscoder.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\VideoTranscoder.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\VideoTranscoder.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NWCloudService\NWCloudService\obj\Debug\VideoTranscoder\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
