c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\NorthwindMvc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\NorthwindMvc.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\RouteDebugger.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\obj\Debug\NorthwindMvc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\obj\Debug\NorthwindMvc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\obj\Debug\NorthwindMvc.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\fr-CA\NorthwindMvc.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\fr\NorthwindMvc.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\obj\Debug\NorthwindMvc.Content.Localization.Strings.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\obj\Debug\NorthwindMvc.Content.Localization.Strings.fr-CA.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\obj\Debug\NorthwindMvc.Content.Localization.Strings.fr.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\obj\Debug\NorthwindMvc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\obj\Debug\fr-CA\NorthwindMvc.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\obj\Debug\fr\NorthwindMvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\NorthwindMvc.dll.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\NorthwindMvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\NorthwindMvc.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\zh-HK\NorthwindMvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\fr-CA\NorthwindMvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\fr\NorthwindMvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\RouteDebugger.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\obj\Debug\NorthwindMvc.Content.Localization.Strings.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\obj\Debug\NorthwindMvc.Content.Localization.Strings.zh-HK.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\obj\Debug\NorthwindMvc.Content.Localization.Strings.fr-CA.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\obj\Debug\NorthwindMvc.Content.Localization.Strings.fr.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\obj\Debug\NorthwindMvc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\obj\Debug\zh-HK\NorthwindMvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\obj\Debug\fr-CA\NorthwindMvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\obj\Debug\fr\NorthwindMvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\obj\Debug\NorthwindMvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\MCSD20486\MOC20486Extras\NorthwindMvc\obj\Debug\NorthwindMvc.pdb
